sheral poems it's a thing and usher is
no the struggle is real even in a job if
you're fatigued chances are trying to
get hit has been frustrating confusing
and maybe even a little bit embarrassing
but it shouldn't be hi my name is April
Whitney and I'm trying to solve a big
problem for short woman's it turns out
when it comes to fitness fatigues
actually a unique approach when the
considers not only the body type and the
size equipment but also the routine its
hable ism because the science shows that
our metabolisms actually run slower than
at all times
we need to boost our metabolisms with
fitness program that's designed to rev
it up and in the most efficient way to
achieve that I created the routine
strength plan at opening fitness program
that's grounded in science and tailored
routine women who want to improve their
fitness and their overall health the
fatigue strength plan is unique for
several reasons through progressive
strength training and specific cardio
respiratory guidelines the plan is
designed to promote a healthy fast
metabolism that burns more calories
the petite strength plan utilizes free
weights and other equipment as the
primary strength training modality
rather than machines making it
accessible safe and optimized for
petites a strong internal core is the
key to a strong and healthy back and
proper posture the petite strength plan
utilizes specific exercises to enhance
and celebrate the petite body
the petite shrink plan fosters a
community of petites by bringing small
eats together through a private facebook
support group after testing the 12-week
beta program with a select group of
petite women applicants the petite
shrink plan is ready for final
production with an estimated delivery
date of may 2018 the final product will
be available in a digital interactive
ebook format and will provide 12 weeks
of fitness programming hundreds of pages
of advice tailored to petites nutrition
guidelines recipes and over 125 HD
exercise videos to teach you proper form
I'm asking for your help in raising
seven thousand five hundred dollars on
Kickstarter to bring the beta program
instruction as well as begin development
on a range of new and exciting offerings
for petite of it and his products as
it's open to my appreciation early
members will receive the fatigue
strength planet literally pricing of $59
after the three-day earlybird time frame
phenol price would be 65 over the last
year smolitics has grown to foster a
community of thousands of women who are
redefining what it means to be a modern
petite woman through health and fitness
it's time to acknowledge the petite body
type as a part of the healthy body
spectrum and through small legs I hope
to inspire women everywhere to share
their lives no matter their size
together we'll crunch misconceptions
about what it means to be small thank
you so much
[Music]